AWS(amazon web services)
cloud could be imagined of a high-end computer which can be used by our computer through internet acess.
1:) cloud can be used to acess computational power as well as the storage services through internet .
2:) multiple devices can acess through same file stored on cloud.
3:) scalibiltity : as user base increase we can add the coud servers according to our use.
4:) Elasticity : as user increases and the decreases we can add or decrease(shrink) the cloud servers.



5:) vpc can be imagined as facebook pages : your vpc, my vpc and friends vpc. and we can put security on this vpc's. 
6:) this is our section were we can put resources like aws EC2 and aws RDS.


7:) Amazon EC2(electronic cloud 2) : this EC2 can be thought of a server computer
    EC2 instance : is nothing but EC2 server.    (basically used for computing, encoding and decoding).
    when we login into netflix.com we EC2 instance(server) acts as a web hosting server which has files and videos

8:) Amazon RDS : AWS RDS is provisioned database service , commonly used for storing. the personal information of user is stored in this database.
 for example netflix before login we need username and password , this personl info of user is saved in RDS which need to be crosschecked and again info is send to EC2.
9:) consider netflix : in evening the demand of netflix or netflix userd increases as the time passes hence EC2 instances(servers)
 are added according to need and as traffic decreases they are reduced.
if in case any instance fails then those users accesing that EC2 instance are directed on other EC2 instance and after it is repaired it is again transfered to respective instances.


10:) Amazon S3: we can imagine S3 as unlimited storage bucket where a lot of data fits. example :
 dropbox is a perfect example which has a userinterface but basically used amazon service S3 to store the data which we want. netflixe stores petabytes of data on amazon S3. 


11:)Amazon EC2: is basically for compute power when we play a video on netflix it basically goes to S3 find that match and returns to EC2 and that piece of data found on S3 is encoded or transcode here on
 EC2.




AUGMENTED REALITY :

1:)trump model using unity.
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=unity3d+trump+model

2:)real time movement with salsa
http://crazyminnowstudio.com/unity-3d/lip-sync-salsa/



